THEORY

Concept Used:
For the task of making a LED FLASHER we have used various concepts regarding LEDS , Adruino Chips and Programming.
We used the concept regarding the N and p Junstion of a LED. The P terminal of an LED must be connected to the higher potential 
and the N terminal of the LED must be connected to the lower potential i.e grounding in this case.
We used the concept of how a breadboard is designed and the slots individually are internally connected.
We used the concept of how the wires are connected in a breadboard and concept regarding different Analog and Digital ports.
We used the concept of using while loops in the program while setting up the adruino.


Learning and Observations:
We learnt a lot of new things because of this experiment.
We learnt how to use different ports of Adruino chip like the digital and analog port.
We learnt that the digital port can be used for both input and output but the analog port can only be used for output.
We learnt how to write a code for working of a LED Flasher.


Problem & Troubleshooting:
There were various problems regarding different topics that we faced while carring this experiment out.
Firstly,We faced problem while connecting the LED's to the breadboard because we somehow ended up connecting the p terminal to 
grouding and vice-versa.
We also faced problem while compiling and uploading our code because we selected the wrong port .

Precautions:
Ther are many precaution to be taken for the LED flasher to correctlty work-out.
The first precaution is that one must always connect the LED's correctly keeping the N and P terminals in mind.
The LED should be connected to the breadboard in accordance to the internal connection of the breadboard slots.
While compilimg the port selected should be correct beacause only then is the LED flasher going to work.

Learning Outcomes:
We learnt a lot because of this experiment.
We learnt how to use different ports of Adruino chip like the digital and analog port.
We learnt that the digital port can be used for both input and output but the analog port can only be used for output.
We learnt how to write a code for working of a LED Flasher.

